DOCSP-30346: Update Kotlin Delete page (#3052)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/kotlin/realm-database/frozen-arch.txt

.. important:: Flows API Requires Kotlinx Coroutines

>    To use the Flows API in your KMP project, install the

Author: ```suggestion
   To use the Flows API in your Kotlin Multiplatform project, install the
```
